We are introducing a new test feature: D&D style character system and fights. You can turn this feature on for the
whole game, set up your classes and skills, and then you will be able to have D&D-style turn-based fights right in
your episodes. Your characters will gain experience with each won fight and gradually progress though levels acquiring
new skills and improving their stats.
However, before turning on the leveling system, you need to consider that it will put some restrictions on your
playing style. The leveling system is designed for D&D-like play style, where you have a specific campaign, and your
team can only progress forwards in chronological order through it. You cannot do flashbacks and you cannot change the
order of your game episodes, because character experience can only grow from episode to episode, and you cannot
set up an episode in the past and scale characters' levels down.
While we are implementing the D&D system specifically, trying to mimic its mechanics, classes
and skills, you are not limited to this system. You can choose to create your own, with your own classes, spells
and progression system. Be worn however that it will take you some time to put down every description of every spell
and every number for every class level.

Key Differences Between Our System And D&D
-------------------------------------------

One important difference of the system we have implemented is the number of action points ach character has per turn.
Since play-by-post are significantly slower than the traditional D&D sessions, we want to fit more action in each
turn. So, instead of 1-2 action points per turn, each character will have 5-10. We trust players to still make it
entertaining though additional textual descriptions they can add to their turns.

Another significant difference is that we only track attacks through the fight system. You do not need to spend points
on walking, jumping or crouching. This is a deliberate decision we made because it gives players more freedom in their
posts. We are a roll playing game first and foremost after all.